docs(framework:skip) Add docs for distributed Docker Compose guide (#3928)
adap/flower: doc/source/docker/tutorial-deploy-on-multiple-machines.rst

Deploy Flower on Multiple Machines with Docker Compose
======================================================

This guide will help you set up a Flower project on multiple machines using Docker Compose.

You will learn how to run the Flower client and server components on two separate machines,

> with Flower configured to use TLS encryption and persist SuperLink state across restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with Flower configured to use TLS encryption and persist SuperLink state across restarts. A server consists of a SuperLink and ``SuperExec``. For more details
about the Flower architecture, refer to the :doc:Flower Architecture`../explanation-flower-architecture.rst` explainer page.
```

This guide assumes you have completed the :doc:`tutorial-quickstart-docker-compose` tutorial.
It is highly recommended that you follow and understand the contents of that tutorial before
proceeding with this guide.

Prerequisites
-------------

Before you begin, make sure you have the following prerequisites:

- The ``flwr`` CLI is :doc:`installed <../how-to-install-flower>` locally.
- The Docker daemon is running on your local machine and the remote machine.

> - Docker Compose is installed on both your local machine and the remote machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docker Compose V2 is installed on both your local machine and the remote machine.
```

- You can connect to the remote machine from your local machine.
- Ports ``9091`` and ``9093`` are accessible on the remote machine.

.. note::

   The guide uses the ``examples/quickstart-sklearn-tabular`` example as an example project.

   If your project has a different name or location, please remember to adjust the commands/paths accordingly.

Step 1: Set Up
--------------

#. Clone the Flower repository and change to the ``distributed`` directory:

   .. code-block:: bash

      $ git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/adap/flower.git
      $ cd flower/src/docker/distributed

#. Get the IP address from the remote machine and save it for later.

> #. If you don't have any certificates, you can generate self-signed certificates using the ``certs.yml``
>    Compose file. If you have certificates, you can continue with Step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Use the ``certs.yml` Compose file to generate your own self-signed certificates.
   If you have certificates, you can continue with Step 2.
```

      to obtain your certificates.

   First, set the environment variables ``SUPERLINK_IP`` and ``SUPEREXEC_IP`` with the IP address
   from the remote machine. For example, if the IP is ``192.168.2.33``, execute:

   .. code-block:: bash

      $ export SUPERLINK_IP=192.168.2.33
      $ export SUPEREXEC_IP=192.168.2.33

   Next, generate the self-signed certificates:

   .. code-block:: bash

      $ docker compose -f certs.yml -f ../complete/certs.yml up --build

Step 2: Copy the Server Compose Files
-------------------------------------

Use the method that best works for you to copy the ``server`` directory, the certificates, and your
Flower project to the remote machine.

For example, you can use ``scp`` to copy the directories:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ scp -r ./server \
          ./superexec-certificates \
          ./superlink-certificates \
          ../../../examples/quickstart-sklearn-tabular remote:~/

Step 3: Start the Flower Server Components
------------------------------------------

Log into the remote machine using ``ssh`` and run the following command to start the
SuperLink and SuperExec services:

.. code-block:: bash

>    $ ssh remote
>    $ export PROJECT_DIR=../quickstart-sklearn-tabular
>    $ docker compose -f server/compose.yml up --build -d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ ssh <your-remote-machine>
   # In your remote machine
   $ cd <path-to-``server``-directory>
   $ export PROJECT_DIR=../quickstart-sklearn-tabular
   $ docker compose -f server/compose.yml up --build -d
```

.. note::

   The Path of the ``PROJECT_DIR`` should be relative to the location of the ``server`` Docker
   Compose files.

Go back to your terminal on your local machine.

Step 4: Start the Flower Client Components
------------------------------------------

On your local machine, run the following command to start the client components:

.. code-block:: bash

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   # In the `docker/distributed/client` directory
```

   $ export PROJECT_DIR=../../../../examples/quickstart-sklearn-tabular
   $ docker compose -f client/compose.yml up --build -d

.. note::

   The Path of the ``PROJECT_DIR`` should be relative to the location of the ``client`` Docker
   Compose files.

Step 5: Run Your Flower Project
-------------------------------

Specify the remote SuperExec IP addresses and the path to the root certificate in the

> ``pyproject.toml`` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``[tool.flwr.federations.remote-superexec]`` table in the ``pyproject.toml`` file. Here, we have named our remote federation ``remote-superexec``:
```

``[tool.flwr.federations.remote-superexec]`` table in the ``pyproject.toml`` file. Here, we have named our remote federation ``remote-superexec``:

.. code-block:: toml
   :caption: examples/quickstart-sklearn-tabular/pyproject.toml

   [tool.flwr.federations.remote-superexec]
   address = "192.168.2.33:9093"
   root-certificates = "../../src/docker/distributed/superexec-certificates/ca.crt"

.. note::

   The Path of the ``root-certificates`` should be relative to the location of the ``pyproject.toml``
   file.

To run the project, execute:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ flwr run ../../../examples/quickstart-sklearn-tabular remote-superexec

That's it! With these steps, you've set up Flower on two separate machines and are ready to
start using it.

Step 6: Clean Up
-----------------

Shut down the Flower client components:

.. code-block:: bash

   # In the `docker/distributed` directory
   $ docker compose -f client/compose.yml down

Shut down the Flower server components and delete the SuperLink state:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ ssh <your-remote-machine>
   $ cd <path-to-``distributed``-directory>
   $ docker compose -f server/compose.yml down -v

> .. |quickstart_skearn_tabular| replace::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. |quickstart_sklearn_tabular| replace::
```

   ``examples/quickstart-sklearn-tabular``

> .. _quickstart_skearn_tabular: https://github.com/adap/flower/tree/main/examples/quickstart-sklearn-tabular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _quickstart_sklearn_tabular: https://github.com/adap/flower/tree/main/examples/quickstart-sklearn-tabular
```
